# Greeting
*PAUL* and *TIMOTHY*, *SERVANTS* of Christ *JESUS*,

To all the *SAINTS* in Christ *JESUS* Who are at *PHILIPPI*, with the *BISHOPS* and *DEACONS*:

*GRACE* to you and *PEACE* from *GOD* our *FATHER* and the *LORD* *JESUS* Christ.

# Thanksgiving and Prayer
3 *I THANK* my *GOD* in all my *REMEMBRANCE* of *YOU*, 4 *ALWAYS* in every *PRAYER* of mine for you all *MAKING* my *PRAYER* with *JOY*, 5 because of your *PARTNERSHIP* in the *GOSPEL* from the *FIRST* day until now. 6 And I am sure of this, that *HE* who *BEGAN* a good *WORK* in you will *BRING* it to *COMPLETION* at the day of *JESUS* Christ. 7 It is *RIGHT* for me to *FEEL* this way about *YOU* all, because *I HOLD YOU* in my *HEART*, for *YOU* are all *PARTAKERS* with me of *GRACE*, *BOTH* in my *IMPRISONMENT* and in the *DEFENSE* and *CONFIRMATION* of the *GOSPEL*. 8 For *GOD* is my *WITNESS*, how *I YEARN* for *YOU* all with the *AFFECTION* of Christ *JESUS*. 9 And it is my *PRAYER* that *YOUR LOVE* may *ABOUND* more and more, with *KNOWLEDGE* and all *DISCERNMENT*, 10 so that *YOU* may *APPROVE* what is *EXCELLENT*, and so be *PURE* and *BLAMELESS* for the *DAY OF CHRIST*, 11 *FILLED* with the *FRUIT* of *RIGHTEOUSNESS* that *COMES* through Jesus *CHRIST*, to the *GLORY* and *PRAISE of GOD*.

# The Advance of the Gospel
12 I want you to know, brothers,[e] that what has happened to me has really served to advance the gospel, 13 so that it has become known throughout the whole imperial guard[f] and to all the rest that my imprisonment is for Christ. 14 And most of the brothers, having become confident in the Lord by my imprisonment, are much more bold to speak the word[g] without fear.

15 Some indeed preach Christ from envy and rivalry, but others from good will. 16 The latter do it out of love, knowing that I am put here for the defense of the gospel. 17 The former proclaim Christ out of selfish ambition, not sincerely but thinking to afflict me in my imprisonment. 18 What then? Only that in every way, whether in pretense or in truth, Christ is proclaimed, and in that I rejoice.

# To Live Is Christ
Yes, and I will rejoice, 19 for I know that through your prayers and the help of the Spirit of Jesus Christ this will turn out for my deliverance, 20 as it is my eager expectation and hope that I will not be at all ashamed, but that with full courage now as always Christ will be honored in my body, whether by life or by death. 21 For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain. 22 If I am to live in the flesh, that means fruitful labor for me. Yet which I shall choose I cannot tell. 23 I am hard pressed between the two. My desire is to depart and be with Christ, for that is far better. 24 But to remain in the flesh is more necessary on your account. 25 Convinced of this, I know that I will remain and continue with you all, for your progress and joy in the faith, 26 so that in me you may have ample cause to glory in Christ Jesus, because of my coming to you again.

27 Only let your manner of life be worthy[h] of the gospel of Christ, so that whether I come and see you or am absent, I may hear of you that you are standing firm in one spirit, with one mind striving side by side for the faith of the gospel, 28 and not frightened in anything by your opponents. This is a clear sign to them of their destruction, but of your salvation, and that from God. 29 For it has been granted to you that for the sake of Christ you should not only believe in him but also suffer for his sake, 30 engaged in the same conflict that you saw I had and now hear that I still have.
